[Music]
welcome to b2b marketing and more with
your host Pam dinner as leading
marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
Pam created this podcast to share our
professional experience and insights and
help you to be a great b2b marketer you
enjoy the podcast please share it with
your colleagues and leave a review on
iTunes now let's get started hello this
is me I'm from Portland Oregon big hello
to everyone so a quick story to share
with you people listen to my episodes
and send me comments or questions
privately they don't usually do that
publicly my peeps are not big on
promoting themselves or sharing content
on social media channel my exchanges
with my listeners are usually one-on-one
based on emails or texts so when I was
at content marketing world and trying to
get ready for my session a big and tall
gentleman Danny Harris approached me and
said hey Pam you've changed your podcast
title and logo I was like what someone
actually noticed that I changed my
podcast title found seven minute
marketing with ham - b2b marketing and
more with Pam dinner Wow I was shocked
Danny said yeah I listen to your podcast
oh my god I actually met a listener in
person first time ever first time ever I
was literally jumping up and down in
front of him and gave him the biggest
hug he probably thought I was crazy you
know I can't be right
Danny and I started chatting and he
asked me why I decided to make the
podcast title in a branding change now
since he asks let me take a moment to
share with you why I decided to make the
change I made a change actually several
weeks ago I didn't talk about it that's
because I feel my listeners tend to tune
for my content they probably don't
really care if I make my podcast title
and image changes
in addition I'm still addressing one
marketing question seven minutes at the
time it's still about content marketing
sales enablement and b2b marketing
anyway it's not like the content is
shifting found content marketing - I
don't know yoga or something else that's
why I didn't make a big fuss about it
but here are three reasons for the
change
number one different identity at
different stages if you are longtime
listener you know I have shared lessons
learned from launching my website for
the fourth time in five years I talked
about that in episode 56 it was part of
my kind of like independent consulting
evolution over the past five years I
started as a content marketing
consultant then role my second book
about sales enablement which is you know
an extension of a content marketing my
service offerings and client base have
been expanding as well my value
proposition is different then it was
five years ago before I was working with
my clients on content planning now I
help my clients with montag evaluation
marketing strategy and planing building
sales and linemen and in some cases I
even give marketing career development
advice so to match that I want to
elevate the topics I can talk about you
know goes beyond just content marketing
and sales enablement and touch on
broader topics of b2b marketing that is
one reason to change from seven-minute
marketing from Pam dinner to b2b
marketing and more second reason search
optimization why do I own seven-minute
marketing with Pam I think it's better
to be searchable for p2b marketing in a
way I try to find a title to align with
the topic that people search giving that
I am in b2b marketing why don't I just
dial that up that's a simple and easy
reason why I make the title change
purely for search optimization number
three YouTube channel I see myself as a
writer and I express myself better as a
writer
however I also understand that people
consume content differently some people
like to read some prefer to listen and
maybe like to watch videos I want to
explore using different format to share
my experience templates and know how
being in front of the video really
pushes me beyond my comfort zone seems
I'm exploring a new content for that I
want to use an overarching title that
covers both podcast and my YouTube
channel 7 min of marketing with p.m.
dinner is fine but I was wondering if I
could create a title that tells people
what the YouTube channel is really about
my team came up with several titles such
as the Pam dinner shell well it really
doesn't say much about what the channel
is the knowledge title is how to become
a badass b2b marketers okay that's a
little bit specific and also I'm not
sure badass will resonate with my
audience
another one is b2b marketing with Pam
well that is way too specific what if I
want to branch out to talk about
something else
and another title is grow you appear to
be marketing knowledge really that just
pure boring knowledge and grow come on
and the last one is all things b2b
marketing with Pam dinner okay that one
is actually not bad but I didn't like
any one of them so I went through all
the titles with my husband Mike thank
you said hey what about b2b marketing
and more with Pam dinner I was like
wallah that is it you know what
sometimes you spot something and you're
like okay that's it that's exactly how I
feel about b2b marketing and more when I
heard him utter those words I was like
yeah that's it okay so Danny I didn't
explain well when we met why I met the
title and the local change so here it is
thank you so much for telling me you
like the new logo ah
so sweet creating that podcast logo is a
story of its own full of drama I'm
telling you I'll talk to you next time
about that Danny and I connected again
after
cnw he asked me another question why
does the company need to invest in p2b
marketing you know what great question I
will dress that in my next episode
stay tuned again if you have any
specific questions reach out to me Pam
at Pam dinner comm if you like the
content please subscribe to my podcast
on Apple podcast if you like to watch
videos please check out my youtube
channel
you'll be great that you can subscribe
it would mean a lot to me alright more
content to come and I'll talk to you
soon have a great day
if you enjoyed this podcast please share
it with your colleagues and leave review
on iTunes
[Music]
you